---
layout: about
---
<p>
  <span class="drop-cap">A</span> passionate advocate for American and contemporary music, Dr. Matthew Aubin has conducted and performed internationally from Benaroya Hall to Carnegie Hall to the Musikverein and many stops in between. After a national search yielded nearly 100 applicants, Dr. Aubin was chosen from a list of six finalists as Music Director Designate of the Jackson Symphony Orchestra (Michigan). Additionally, Dr. Aubin serves as Artistic Director for The Chelsea Symphony in New York City. In this role he has worked to expand the symphony’s prestige and recognition. Dr. Aubin has played a principal role in the initiation and development of The Chelsea Symphony’s annual competition for emerging New York area composers. The Conductor Laureate of the Seattle Symphony and music director of the All-Star Orchestra, Gerard Schwarz, adjudicates the competition. Dr. Aubin has led TCS in their Lincoln Center Debut and conducted the New York City premieres of works by Mark O’Connor, Fazil Say and Caroline Shaw, among others. During his time as Artistic Director, TCS has featured many celebrities as narrators for their annual holiday concert. Additionally, Dr. Aubin served as a consultant for the Amazon Prime and Golden Globe award-winning television series Mozart in the Jungle created by Roman Coppola and Jason Schwartzman. During Season 3, Dr. Aubin was the off-camera conductor for an episode filmed on Rikers Island. After this episode filmed, TCS was motivated to begin a series of outreach concerts for inmates on Rikers Island which Dr. Aubin designed and conducted.<br/>
  <br/>
  Dr. Aubin is the foremost scholar on the French composer Fernande Breilh-Decruck. He has earned multiple research grants to study her significant life and work. Dr. Aubin is a champion of the critical role of women in composition and is working to promote Decruck’s newly discovered lost music. Dr. Aubin has edited and created critical editions of her work, which are now in the process of publication. He has collaborated with several TCS musicians to organize performances of Decruck’s music in the United States and abroad. Dr. Aubin continues to be active as a freelance horn player, and regularly performs across the country. A devoted music educator, Dr. Aubin's past associations include Assistant Professor of Music at Washington State University, Adjunct facutly at The Hartt School and Educational Programs Conductor for the Hartford Symphony Orchestra. 
</p>
